Hi, my name is Alex, In this tutorial I'm going to explain to you
how you can render out
your objects
depending on your material ID. So here I
have a simple Box
that I converted into
editable poly and assigned
different materials to the different
polygons.
I set different Material IDs for each polygon.
Press M on the keyboard to open up Material editor
and click on standard and
select Multisub objects
Under Diffuse click where its shown
select bitmap.
Render / Render Setup
or press F10 on keyboard.
These window pops up and under Render
elements you have to Add
and select MaterialID.
If you
render out now the MaterialIDs wont show.
it's not enough to only select the
polygons
In Material editor
select a material
I material and here
you can see material ID channel you have
to change this numbers.
Now it should work. Render out.
This is it for this tutorial check out the rest of my tutorials,
share this video, subscribe and until next time.
Bye.